chore: remove opt to remote signer, should always use remote signer (#95)
babylonlabs-io/covenant-emulator: docs/covenant-emulator-setup.md

To successfully complete this guide, you will need:

1. A running instance of the [covenant signer](../covenant-signer)
  with the url that you configured it to. Please follow the
  [covenant signer setup guide](./covenant-signer-setup.md) to
  complete the setup of the covenant signer with your keys before proceeding.
  Note that the phase-2 covenant-signer program is a different one than the one
  used doing phase-1
2. A connection to a Babylon node. To run your own node, please refer to the
  [Babylon Node Setup Guide](https://github.com/babylonlabs-io/networks/blob/main/bbn-test-5/bbn-test-5/babylon-node/README.md).

## 2. Install covenant emulator binary

If you haven't already, download [Golang 1.23](https://go.dev/dl).

> Once installed run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed, run:
```

### 3.1. Initialize directories

> Next, we initialize the node and home directory. It should generate all of the
> necessary files such as `covd.config`, these files will live in the `<path>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, initialize the node and home directory by generating all of the
necessary files such as `covd.conf`. These files will live in the `<path>`
```

### 3.2. Configure the covenant emulator

As you have already set up the covenant signer, you can now configure the covenant

> emulator to use it.

Reviewer: Consider cut

Author: removed

- `KeyringBackend` - Storage backend for the keyring (os, file, kwallet, pass, test, memory)
- `URL` - Endpoint where the remote signing service is running
- `Timeout` - Maximum time to wait for remote signer responses

> Ensure that the covenant signer is running and unlocked before proceeding
> otherwise you will be unable to run the emulator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure that the covenant signer is running and unlocked before proceeding.
Otherwise, you will be unable to run the emulator.
```
